# Hello-World
initial tutorial repository
I am a former computer nerd who is now woefully behind.  I originally planned to be a navy nuclear officer, enrolled in NROTC with a major in nuclear engineering.  The first class was "Intro Engineering" which was just a Fortran (Actually Waterloo Fortran IV) programming class.  I enjoyed it enough that I switched majors to Computer science and goet a job in the computer room of a bank.  After several years in school and working at the bank  in about 1984, I got a job at Southwestern Bell Corporation as an Operations Manager in the Oklahoma City Data Center.    In the meantime I kept taking classes.  I was about 12 hours from a CS major, 9 hours from a philosophy major and 3 from a history major. The 3rd line manager (my boss's boss) said they didn't care what degree I had, that I was a computer professional and just had to get any BS degree to stay a manager.  An intersession class exactly gave me the 3 hours I neeed for a History degree... so two weeks later I had the degree.    I wasn't cut out for a corporate job (and Bell was racist and misogynistic at the time, which I did not put up with easily) so we parted company and I was offered a graduate assistantship in Philosophy.  15 years later, while working full time, I got a PhD in philosophy an subsequently became a professor, which I did for the last 20 years before being fired to cut costs by bringing in younger, less qualfied people who they can pay less... so now I am loose ends for the first time in my life.  I still piece together all my own computers and occasionally code, but usually in True Basic. In addition to Fortran and True Basic I have coded in COBOL, SNOBOL, Pascal and a bit of System 370 Assembler.  I used to be a real expert in JCL, for all the good that can do me and even did some OCL on an IBM System 3 Model 15D.
